Hello everyone.
I wanted to talk to you about something
that is close to my heart.
Cyber security.
Or actually what is even closer to my heart, which is digital.
As you probably know, the thing with these two
is that you can't have one without the other.
As we take huge digital leaps across our company,
cyber security becomes more than just a technical topic.
It's a strategic foundation.
It's what protects our company,
our employees, our customers, our end users,
our factories and our suppliers.
Cyber security is not just what we need to safeguard.
Our customers, such as Heathrow Airport in London,
set high expectations for us
when it comes to securing our digital products
at their premises.
We want to be worthy of their trust
and the trust of all our customers.
This is possible by
delivering on our promise securely every day.
But here is the thing.
Cyber security is not just for the experts, it's for all of us.
Whether you are in R&D operation, purchasing, or sales
or in the field, your actions matter.
We are all responsible for cyber security at today.
Thanks for championing a cyber secure business.
Let's rise together. Security.